{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 IowanOldStyle-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl288\slmult1\slminimum20\pardirnatural

\f0\fs34 \cf0 What is a hackathon? I'd like to say that I knew the answer to that question a year ago but the truth is, I didn't. I knew what they were on a superficial level but I didn't truly know.\
\
In November or December (I can't remember) of 2013, my brother sat me down for a talk. It was a bit awkward at first because we never talked much. We made jokes here and there but we never really talked. Anyways, I sat down and I had no idea what he wanted to talk about. As it turns out, hackathons.\
\
He first asked "Do you know what a hackathon is?" I quickly responded yes but, like I said before, I didn't truly know. He then followed up with "Do you know about PennApps?" I said no. As it turns out, PennApps is one of the largest hackathons in the world. How could I possibly claim to know about hackathons if I didn't know about the largest one in the world? We talked some more and eventually he mentioned something mind-blowing to me: hackathons accept high school students.\
\
What?!\
\
\
\
This past year, my brother introduced me to the world of hackathons. Hackathons are events where developers get together for a weekend to transform a cool idea into reality. In January, I attended HackTECH hosted by CalTech. I immediately fell in love. So many people in one room and some my age! I didn't know such a vast ecosystem of high school developers existed.\
\
My team and I built PebbleQuiz a live polling app that consists of an iPhone and a Pebble smartwatch. People ask questions on the iPhone and thousands respond on the Pebble. I got to meet a developer from the company and I got a free shirt (score!).\
\
About a week from now, I will be attending LAHacks at UCL and I hope that I will create something even better.}